as some of you know I haven't done this
for a long time this is probably the
first time I've spoken on the case in
about ten years actually I always used
to say then and I say it even more
tonight that I'm not a Dealey Plaza man
I know very little about bullet angles
the the kind of profound problems that
tink was talking about have sort of
dismayed me from the outset I guess
partly because my limited experience in
the Canadian government Foreign Service
has made me suspicious of all
governments and the way I see the case
which is the politics of the case is
that it is a case which makes us raise
questions about our government so
obviously if you raise questions about
your government you're also going to
then have to be skeptical about the
evidence which has been protected for
all these years by that same government
the reason that I wanted to talk tonight
is that I think that in terms of the
overall perspective on the case there
has been forward movement but how many
people in this room have read at least
something that I have written on this
subject I don't I see a lot of you there
have been a couple of books one by David
shine this is this is the other one by
John Davis mafia kingfish I guess I
didn't bring David shines contract on
America but half of what I found very
difficult to say when I started talking
about this 18 years ago is now very easy
to save and has been proven beyond a
shadow of a doubt although it was
officially denied by the Warren
Commission namely that organized crime
has something to do with this and
specifically he had something to do with
Jack Ruby now that side of what I said
18 years ago has been so blown out of
proportion that I just wanted to say
again what it was that I said first of
all in an unpublished manuscript the
Dallas conspiracy in 1970 and then
1973 in a published article from Dallas
to Watergate in ramparts magazine I said
that and I think I can be more precise
about it now that whatever happened in
this case it has to do with the
intelligence mafia connection in this
country now you have to remember this
was not acknowledged in 1970 or 73 not
till the church committee in 1975 would
this government admit that the CIA had
worked with the mafia on various
projects and specifically what law is
most relevant on the assassination of
Fidel Castro there have been other
people who had claimed it and I argued
that the the the fact of this
assassination and above all that the
assassination had been investigated or
Mis investigated in the way it had was a
phenomenon attributable to the existence
of this intelligence mafia connection
which was symbolized by the involvement
with Lee Harvey of Lee Harvey Oswald
with u.s. intelligence the involvement
of Jack Ruby with organized crime for
the particularly organized crime in
first Chicago and then Dallas and
finally the one common denominator in
the interests of Oswald and the
interests of Ruby two very different
people but both of them obviously at
least in those last years interested in
Cuba now I sort of come out of
retirement on this point because half of
what I said then is now being said by a
great many people ruby was involved with
organized crime organized crime had
something to do with the assassination
and I just want to remind people what I
said then is still true that organized
crime could certainly be capable of
killing the president but there what we
have seen
a massive cover-up a cover-up which
began in 1963 but which in a sense has
never stopped is an ongoing cover-up and
you cannot just in terms of the things
that you heard this evening and many
more things some of which I hope to
mention things have happened in the
cover-up of this case at the very
highest level which cannot be explained
by the agency of organized crime so I
want to keep the case in this
perspective that government in this
country and in most countries is not
what it appears there is a seamy side to
it it is symbolized by but not contained
by intelligence mafia collaboration to
assassinate the head of a nearby state
Cuba there are many other activities of
that type now in fact the the Dallas to
see I've watched this whole story evolve
on my first manuscript book on this
subject I've had two that had not been
published the first one the Dallas
conspiracy I wrote in 1970 and near the
end of it I may have written this in
early 71 I focused on the fact that
those people who had helped train Cubans
originally for the Mafia and then the
same killed is taken over by the CIA had
very much involved themselves in the
just before and just after the
assassination of Kennedy in the
presentation of that case in such a way
that virtually forced a government
cover-up and I pointed in particularly
to a man who I called in 1970 or 71
Frank Fiorini
he has since become more famous as Frank
Sturgis he was not famous at all in 1971
but it was a matter of concern to me
that he was one of a very small group
only about seven or eight people who had
been specifically ordered by the Kennedy
administration in the last weeks of that
administration to cease their own
operations against Cuba and that not
only had Frank Fiorina being one of
those so named in the New York Times you
can look it up for that year in 1963 but
that right after the assassination he
had been part of a concatenated effort
to make it look as if Oswald had been
run in this case in this assassination
by Fidel Castro stir Sturgis came
forward and told the FBI almost
immediately that Oswald had been in
Miami something of course the Warren
Report denies and this sounds innocuous
in itself but very shortly there was a
letter arrived postmarked Cuba from the
man calling himself Pedro Charles saying
about talking about the money he had
given Oswald in Miami to kill Kennedy
and that's where what Sturgis did became
much more ominous much more sinister it
was an attempt to pin the case on Castro
there were may I say a lot of similar
clues some of the much more
sophisticated some of them so
sophisticated I'm even nervous talking
about them which made it appear that
Oswald had done this either for Castro
or for the KGB and it was I believe the
existence of these very disturbing but
false clues which became either the
reason or at least the pretext for the
US government to say look it's better
just to say that Oswald acted alone as
because we know Hoover on what was it
November 24th said we have to get
something out right away to make it
clear that Oswald acted alone and
Katzenbach drafted a memo of the very
next afternoon to Bill Moyers saying the
same thing that we have to establish
that Oswald was the lone assassin they
did all of this before the Warren
Commission
even being conceived of alone drawn up
begun its investigations well it was
kind of exciting for me to write all of
that in nineteen not all of that but the
part about Frank Fiorina in 1971 and
then see in 1972 that there was a
break-in at the Democratic National
Committee the Watergate break-in and one
of the people who went inside was Frank
Fiorini now known as Frank Sturgis all
was referred to in the papers in those
days as one of the Cubist's press never
looked very much at them they looked at
McCord and Howard hunt and talked about
they would sometimes number them before
Cubans or five Cubans or whatever it was
so I wrote my article from Dallas to
Watergate not simply talking about an
overlap of personnel but more
specifically saying and this again was
somewhat predictive I think in 1973 that
the reason that the people that the
Watergate was an effective kind of
blackmail of the Nixon administration
and that what these people was doing was
very sensitive because of their
involvement in previous crimes which had
been connected with the US government
that hypothesis was later subscribed to
by none other than HR Haldeman after the
famous smoking gun tape came out in 1974
the publication of which was followed
very quickly by RIT Nixon's resignation
rather than go through the agony of an
impeachment and all that smoking gun
tape if you remember you hear Nixon
telling the CIA that they've got to stop
the investigation it's very embarrassing
it involves this Cuba thing the Bay
of Pigs thing and that the whole Bay of
Pigs thing will come out if we don't
contain this and it is Haldeman not just
me who speculates that what was meant by
Nixon when he talked about the Bay of
Pigs thing was the assassination of
President John F Kennedy I've already
written about this I don't want to go
through it all again Frank
is a bit of a jokester and he said eh I
had to say something new to you people
and B I had to do it in 20 minutes
[Music]
all right I want terrify if I'm going to
say something new I better say it at the
very beginning because this is a very
big case point of order mr. chairman you
volunteered this opportunity right okay
I think that the the I want to give a
couple of new things tonight because
there are so many people here who have
read other things I've written but the
one thing one new thing I want to offer
right away is an enlarged concept of
what is going on I think most people
said either Oswald acted alone or there
was a conspiracy and then it seemed so
unlikely that there could have been a
conspiracy put together that would last
all this time that you could impeach the
conspiracy alternative and go back to
the hypothesis that Oswald acted alone
in 1973 and then in my book crime and
cover-up which came out in 1977 the
subtitle of which was the CIA the Mafia
and the Dallas Watergate connection was
trying to expand the on the notion of a
specific conspiracy to commit a specific
crime to the idea that there exists and
has for the whole of this century and
more existed a kind of ill
connection between the forces of
organized crime and the forces which
govern this country which made it
possible for this crime to have been
committed and covered up through the
time of Watergate I was going to say if
we confine ourselves to anything as
narrow as a Dallas Watergate connection
then I would suggest at a minimum with
it we now in 1988 have to call that a
Dallas Watergate iran-contra connection
because we see much more clearly than
anyone could have in 1977 what is at the
center of it that has forced the
government into covering up and covering
up covering up in 63 covering up
Watergate because the real truth of that
means statement by Nixon the Bay of Pigs
thing was never aired Nixon himself
pretended that it was just politics and
so he was wrong he was going to resign
it wasn't just politics and now finally
with iran-contra which was perhaps the
most superficial investigation of all
now in my book the iran-contra
connection I argued that we can see very
clearly that at the time of the Bay of
Pigs there were two different kinds of
people invading Cuba there were the
regular people trained in Guatemala who
set sail from Nicaragua and actually
came ashore at the Bay of Pigs most of
those people they came from all walks of
life but they were what you call your
normal Cubans but there had been from
1959-60 another group of Cubans
initially financed by the casino or
in Havana that is to say by organized
crime and trained initially by Frank
Fiorini alias Sturgis and then taken
over by the CIA but the CIA did not get
to recruit them they had already been
recruited by the organized crime people
is it amazing therefore that in the
years since we've seen that something
like an eighth of all of the people
involved in the Bay of Pigs have also
been arrested indicted or at least
investigated by the government for drug
trafficking
because a large a significant percentage
of those people in the Bay of Pigs were
the map is own people to start with and
some of them no doubt had been involved
in drug trafficking before the Bay of
Pigs because that's what the casinos in
Havana were hotbeds of I have to say as
a native Montrealer that back in the mid
50's the two main sources of heroin
flowing into the United States were a
Havana and B Montreal and it was the
same people often flying from Montreal
to Havana and back who were involved in
masterminding it in both cases in this
involved the very casinos and their
staffs that were then recruited by the
mob taken over by the CIA and of course
continued in their terrorist activities
after the Kennedy assassination at least
up until 1967 directly under CIA
supervision the JM wave station which
was headed by Theodore Shaklee whose
name turns up in iran-contra and his
assistant Thomas Klein's that's not new
that is Christic Institute stuff that's
not what I've come to talk about but you
know I was always interested in
something which is now called the world
anti-communist League which I had
originally
research in connection with how we got
into Vietnam but it rather startled me
when I was reading their publications in
Taiwan and they were celebrating all the
American reactionaries who came to visit
their headquarters in Taiwan that one of
the Americans who came to visit them was
an American called Spassky RIKEN and I
said hey I've heard that name before and
I remembered that this was the travelers
aid representative who had met Lee
Harvey Oswald and his family when they
got off the boat in New York and then I
looked at the records of them of their
meetings they had a regional
organization in Latin America which
initially was above all Central America
but these people very much involved in
the iran-contra story and I looked at
their me I got hold it's very hard to
get hold of their conference proceedings
but I got hold of their conference
proceedings for 1958 and the chairman of
the conference was a man called Antonia
via Dallas who had been the crooked
lawyer who had fixed Carlos Marcello's
phony birth certificate in Guatemala and
one of the people attending it was a man
called Maurice B Gatlin who is one of
these oddballs who hung around 544 Camp
Street in New Orleans which had its own
little anti-communist League out of 544
chemistry how many people in this room
do not know the relevance of 5:44 camp
Street there are a few well let me say
very quickly 544 camp Street was an
address that the FBI had a terribly hard
time discovering in their investigation
largely because a former FBI agent was
running a lot of anti-castro operations
out of that address including something
called
the cuban revolutionary council which
was the CIA's cuban front which had two
branches one in miami and another
smaller but i suspect more significant
and more sinister in new orleans and
according to a CIA document the FBI kept
track of all this through guy banister
who was of course a former FBI agent and
then with the Secret Service which I
think had not been totally clued in on
what was happening in New Orleans they
performed very badly in some other
cities like Chicago but in New Orleans
they just started investigating oswald
and they found out here was this
pro-castro guy oswald handing out a fair
play for Cuba committee literature with
an address stamped on it 544 Camp Street
which was in fact the address of this
anti-castro operation the Cuban
revolutionary council and not only that
but the Secret Service reported deadpan
that there were five officers signing
for it one of them being Manuel here
who's was the production manager for the
radio shows of something called Inca or
the information Council of the Americas
run by a man called Edward scandal
Butler extremely right-wing would whose
main business I think we can now say was
manufacturing what they called truth
tapes and what some people in this room
might want to call light eighths for use
by the CIA in Latin America and I know
that one of them that they produced
which was interviewed with Juanita
Castro Castro's right-wing sister was
used by the CIA to help influence the
1964 election in Chile so Butler was
part of that whole scene and didn't even
do
when I interviewed him for Canadian
television back in 1978 I said you were
working with a lot of Cubans who are all
financed by the the CIA and he said well
he'll back in those days all the Cubans
working against Castro with financed by
the CIA this is slightly last track off
in Davis's book it's a very useful dirt
book about Carlos Machado mafia kingfish
but it disappoints me slightly to see
the frenzy or the council described Mary
as being financed by Carlos marchello
that's probably true it was financed by
most of the big business interests in
New Orleans and marchello was one of the
biggest but it was also of course
financed at least in part by the CIA and
I think we should always mention that in
the same trip I was also disappointed
for example that Davis mentions
marchello as the big mafia person in New
Orleans there were actually two big
people according to another book one was
old-time sicilian mafia carlos marcello
the other was not who is part of the
syndicate but not Italian at all was
Seymour Weiss who was a director of
standard fruit and steamship and also a
director of the information Council of
the Americas which staged Oswald's
debate it seems to me that Oswald was in
a sense quite closely connected to that
5:44 camp street address and let me just
come right up to Iran country and then I
will go back to something new on a
factual level not new to all of you but
you to some of you about Oswald in New
Orleans and in for that matter
I started writing about iran-contra in
the fall of 1986 because of the
involvement of the world anti-communist
League in the organization a of the
death squads through all of Latin
America and me specifically for what
became more than just a death squad the
small group of survivors of samosas
forces who became what are now known the
Contras and I wrote about one wacko
world anti-communist League one wacko
person in particular Mario Sandoval Alan
Cohen in Guatemala but the godfather of
all the death squads in all of Central
America almost certainly one of the
people responsible for the shooting of
Archbishop Romero in El Salvador and a
man with CIA connections going way back
and I was told back in about 1980 who
his CIA contact was a man called John
Martino MA rtin Oh
who if you want to know more about him
you can look up his name up in Anthony
summers book conspiracy about the
Kennedy assassination because he is one
of that same small group of people who
came forward and said that Oswald was in
Miami along with Sturgis and in
cooperation with Sturgis in other words
somebody who was involved with the
arrangement of the facts of the Kennedy
assassination to induce a cover-up was
also a kind of case officer or contact
with the man who was the Godfather of
all the death squads and a key man in
putting together the
initial Contras before the United States
had taken them on before Reagan had been
elected to take the loan before even the
Argentinians
had taken them on when they were a very
small force indeed lodged in an
apartment house behind Manuel Sandoval a
locals villa in Guatemala City I write
about this in the iran-contra connection
and I write in that same book about this
ongoing group of terrorists which takes
in the terrorists of Korou in 1976 a
terrible year for Cuban exile terrorism
the year that a for example that or that
littell yeh was assassinated in
Washington and the CIA said at first the
Chileans couldn't have done it
it had to be left wingers who needed a
martyr and the director of the CIA
himself in 1976 George Bush was quoted
by The Washington Post as saying both of
those things I argued in this book that
there was a continuity of terrorism from
the Bay of Pigs right through to the
present as personified by these Cubans
when I wrote the first draft of it was
before the hassle to his plane had gone
down and I was just amazed to see in the
spate of stories that after that has
before his plane came down first of all
that there was an e lo pango airbase I
hadn't known about when I wrote my
article and it turned out there were
three of my Cubans at that Air Force
Base all of them assassins all three
assassins the chief one there Felix
Rodriguez the man who oversaw the
assassination of Che Guevara had been
put there by the Office of Vice
President Bush and he collected two more
he collected Luis Posada careless so I'd
already written about
no idea he was actually part of the
iran-contra support operation and the
third man Raphael Quintero perhaps the
most professional assassin of them all
the man whom Ed Wilson contacted when he
wanted to assassinate somebody on behalf
of Qaddafi in Libya so you had a support
operation of three Cubans who had two
common denominators one that all worked
for the CIA in the past and second their
specialty had not been loading things on
aeroplanes their specialty had been
assassination now there are people who
say that just shows that the Contras by
death squads but I don't think it's that
I think it's really that Felix Rodriguez
is in the position to ask the government
for a favor and particularly to ask the
man who was director of the CIA in 1976
for a favor because if the truth of what
happened in 1976 were to come out in
1989 we would have Bush gate we would
have birthday and particularly
interesting is the fact that a man
Posada was in a Venezuelan jail and was
sprung after Rodriguez was asked on stat
elope angola base that you and i cannot
visit a secret base it was arranged from
miami that Posada should be sprung from
his jail in venezuela cost quite a lot
of money I understand and he then knew
exactly what to do he went straight to
elope an NGO and this fugitive for
justice worked for the next year and a
half is part of the iran-contra
operation and then when the [ __ ] hit the
fan in 1986 he then apparently went to
Miami a safer place still for him and a
lot of people speculate that he is still
there or at least can be they
when he wishes to be because the ed
meese period of the Justice Department
made it very clear that they didn't want
certain things coming out about
iran-contra above all not things having
to do with Cubans in Miami who had had
anything to do with the Contras support
operation and I saw some more names in
those news stories after I've already
written my article names of people who
knew about the Cubans who had gone from
Miami to be part of the Contras support
operation in Costa Rica and by golly
there were names of Cubans from the FBI
files unpublished on the Kennedy
assassination including at least one
Cuban who had been at that mob-connected
training camp on the north side of Lake
Pontchartrain which Carlos Bren gay a D
re anti-castro Cuban member of the Cuban
revolutionary council at 5:44 Camp
Street had initially thought that Lee
Harvey Oswald was trying to infiltrate
on behalf of the FBI a very interesting
notion that I want to come back to and
take rather seriously so when I say
there's a Dallas Watergate iran-contra
connection I'm saying it from the
personal experience of trying to keep up
with events and describing the past
event by using names of people are going
to turn up in the next event we are not
talking about a cast of tens of
thousands here we are talking about a
specific group of people who if they had
been involved with the Kennedy
assassination in 1963 would have been
too numerous to kill all of them
although some I think did get killed and
who have been able to lean on the people
running this country ever since now you
have another hypothesis
what's happening which is larger than
that and is I think largely true the
hypothesis of shine and contract on
America or to some extent of Davis in
his new book mafia kingfish which we
have run through a period in which both
Lyndon Johnson and Richard Nixon were
themselves politically beholden to the
forces of organized crime which helped
elect them and if we don't exaggerate
this I think it's truly we shouldn't
leave John F Kennedy out of that list
either it isn't just that his family had
made their money out of bootlegging it
isn't just that John F Kennedy was
enjoying the favors of at least two
beautiful women one of them very famous
who had been supplied to him really by
the graces of organized crime it was
that organized crime it helped elect
Kennedy in 1960 and had expected certain
favors in particular one men in
particular skinny D'Amato a close friend
of Kennedy's father and a mobster
complained that he had helped deliver
the state of New Jersey for Kennedy in
1960 and they had understood that in in
exchange a few people would be quietly
pardoned a couple of two years later Joe
Kennedy saw nothing wrong John Kennedy
said I'll give it to Bobby and Bobby
Kennedy of course had started his war on
organized crime and these people never
got pardoned and skinny D'Amato a
personal friend of Marilyn Monroe and
Judith Exner so that the mob had been
not just let down but in a sense
betrayed by Kennedy that's a much larger
hypothesis that is also relevant but I
don't want to get lose sight of the fact
that there has been a smaller
operational involvement of a specific
group
of people in the assassination area with
the US government which up until about
13 years ago we didn't even officially
know was in the assassination business
and that that has generated a great deal
of clout to any gender yet new
adventures of the contract type because
what are you going to do with these
people if you don't keep them employed
at places like Europe angles they could
make life very unpleasant for you now I
just wanna say one more thing and then
open it up to questions and that is what
I think the chief thing wrong with the
shine book and the Davis book when they
come to deal with Oswald in New Orleans
I could say quite a lot but I want to
focus on one figure in particular David
Ferrie because David Ferrie as you know
as the man who took this extraordinary
trip to Texas and while I was away a man
his normal employer Jack Marquis who
shared officers with guy Bannister at
5:44 Camp Street went to the I was at
the New Orleans Police sword to the New
Orleans District Attorney first priest
first and said check out David Ferrie
and very soon there was a rumor that Lee
Harvey Oswald had been arrested with
David ferries library card and this must
have got to a high enough level to
explain why Marina Oswald when she was
being held in virtual isolation and the
inn of Six Flags one of my favorite
stories which would take too long to
talk about here the FBI couldn't find
her but there was a Secret Service
asking her she had ever heard of a mr.
Fairey and she answered no fairy became
at that time a hot suspect for a
possible conspiracy and then j edgar
Hoover
decided as soon as Oswald was dead that
now Oswald had done it alone and
interest in ferry subsided and both
shine and Davis assumed that if there
was an organized crime conspiracy and
marchello had something to do with it
then ferry must be a very important part
of that so of course did Blakey but it
was very ugly black you the author of
this report of the House Select
Committee on assassinations it was very
obvious that Robert Blake II did not
want to see CIA in this business he did
want to see organized crime and I won't
go through the various sort of
maneuverings and manipulations that
Blakey had to do to arrive at that
result I want to offer to you an
opposite hypothesis and that is that
ferry was sent on that wild goose case
as a decoy to be sure that if there ever
was a second investigation of the
assassination
it could be initiated in Louisiana in an
area where organized crime had
altogether more clout than it had in
most parts of the United States and in
which the organization of the
investigation could be at a minimum
control to stay out of certain areas I
think that I want you to think about
that and I want to draw attention to one
characterization of Ferry by Davis which
is tiny in itself but I think indicative
of a kind of superficiality that we have
to look through Davis says categorically
of David Ferrie first that he was
bizarre
and almost everyone talking about ferry
says he was bizarre and stars talking
about his baldness and then Davis adds
that he was and he says deadpan
Bishop of the Orthodox old Catholic
Church of North America now there's no
excuse for saying that in 1988 as if it
was just a fact by itself yes he was but
we know why he was the house committee
revealed it the Treasury Department and
the small business re the Small Business
Administration was interested in
investigating phony churches that sold
phony bishoprics so they hired an
investigator to look into how these
things were done and they hired Jack
Martin and Jack Marquis said well we'll
have to see how easy it is to buy a
Bishop bishopric he hired David Ferrie
to get a bishopric as part of an
investigation that was concluded before
the Kennedy assassination and we learned
from the house committee records that
there is actually a small business SBA
hearing on this matter in which Martin's
and Ferries results were were entered
now the reason I draw attention to that
detail and how you have to look at the
fact that ferry could do something like
become a bishop in order to fulfill
somebody else's agenda to conduct an
investigation there was a lot of
investigation run out of 544 Kent Street
I just want you to consider the
hypothesis that Lee Harvey Oswald also
was being hired as an investigator to
conduct similar investigations
let's take I think the simplest and most
obvious and suggestive example of all
his buying of a gun
mail order in Dallas in early 1963 under
the pseudonym
J Adele and of course as if he didn't
think Junior gurus already bright he was
careful to have the AJ Hidell alias in
his wallet when he fired the secret the
magic bullet at kennedy and conally to
make sure that the FBI would be able to
put two and two together here let's
let's consider the hypothesis first of
all if oz will just wanted to shoot the
the the president the easy thing to do
in Dallas is to go into a store and buy
a gun it's also the safer thing to do if
you don't want to get caught but Oswald
insisted on getting his rifle and his
pistol in such a way that there would be
a documentary record of it so he ordered
them by mail order across a state
boundary and happened one way or another
to pick on two different agencies help
me Paul seaport trading and what's
Klein's vertical good our sponsor
tonight which were under investigation
at the time to see if in fact they were
selling guns in an unauthorized way
across state borders without requiring
identification and I believe I haven't
checked my notes on this that there was
I could if anyone's interested that
there was a hearing on this chaired by
Senator Dodd in 1963 was it Paul Paul
knows Paul has done great work on this
and knows more about it than me and in
the hearings that were ultimately held
there was a chart in which you can pick
out the pistol that went from Los
Angeles to Dallas namely Oswald's pistol
part of the evidence introduced into the
hearing now let's come back
to New Orleans for a moment the both the
CIA and the FBI had been told to target
the FPS CC the fair play for Cuba
committee this is why it is so
extraordinary that it was the FBI which
had been told to target the fair play
for Cuba committee which was not able to
link the 544 Camp Street address to all
world except through David Ferrie
there's much that could be said about
that but I just want to confine myself
to the hypothesis if you want to find
that anyone in New Orleans who's
interested in helping castro somebody
like guy banister from his anti-castro
headquarters at pie44 10th street
engages somebody to act like a fair play
for Cuba committee organizer and who and
then and in effect becomes a vacuum
cleaner to scour the boards for any
Castro sympathizers this is why it's
particularly important that AHS was
first leafleting operation that we know
is out of a US Navy ship
because the US Navy would really have
wanted to know this also Oswald's
celebrating relief celebrated leafleting
in front of the International Trade Mart
that was watched by most of the
anti-castro activists in New Orleans
including a lot of people on a very high
public relations level all did not
leaflet there alone he seems to have had
two assistants one of them was run down
by the Warren Commission this man
Charles Hall Steele testified that he
had leaflet infer minutes this is about
the length of time that the TV cameras
were turned on now those are you in
Berkeley who have ever tried to organize
and to get the television there you know
it's not all that easy
and to arrange the timing so that you
can just do it for 15 minutes while the
the TV cameras are turned on and then
stop you for us in Berkeley the TV
stations are not so cooperative I think
it certainly looks as if Oswald's
leafleting of in in front of the
International Trade Mart was staged for
television and it certainly became very
relevant after the assassination it may
or may not have been part of the legend
that was being created for Oswald but I
don't agree with Carlos Bren gay about
very much but right brain gay really was
involved with that training camp and it
took us years to find out that that what
that training camp really was largely a
de re training camp and brandy was D re
directorial Revolucionario estudiantil
most people didn't know that in 1963
if ultima was a loner he certainly
couldn't have known he had to be working
for somebody what
brandy suggested to the Warren
Commission was that Oswald was working
for Fidel Castro but none of us believed
that the other possibility which is what
Branca originally believed and told the
New York Times he had originally
believed
Oswald was working for the FBI there's
one other reason to think that this is a
credible hypothesis there are witnesses
to how Oswald came into these Cubans and
two of them say that he talked about
something called Cosa Nostra or one of
them even more interestingly said Casa
Nostra this is sworn testimony before
the wire Commission about a meeting that
took place between Oswald and these
right-wing Cubans in August of 1963 now
we all know today what
Austra is supposed to mean nobody knew
this in August 63 except a the Cosa
Nostra itself and B the FBI which from
the beginning of 1963 had been
electronically wiretapping the Cosa
Nostra for the first time it became part
of the American vocabulary in September
1963 when Joe Valachi spilled his guts
to a Senate committee in August 63 you
had the FBI sending out messages to his
stations stop talking about causa Nostra
we now know it's Cosa Nostra and here is
Lee Harvey Oswald coming into these
Cubans and talking about Casa Nostra it
doesn't prove it but if if I had time I
would take every single event in
Oswald's life from early 1963 above all
the audio incident which looks very much
like an investigation of gun running by
alpha 66 in Dallas which a Dallas
sheriff identified Oswald is having
frequented one of those dropped pieces
of evidence alpha 66 being also part of
the world anti-communist needs the only
Cuban group that is I think a working
hypothesis that will explain a good deal
of what Lee Harvey Oswald did is that he
was investigating for the US government
we have brandy believing this in 63
we have Marina Oswald saying in 1988 for
the first time that she believed that
her husband was doing some kind of work
for the US government it is not a
totally tidy hypothesis but I think it
is the most efficient hypothesis for
explaining a what Oswald was doing
in that era and be why we have had such
an industrious cover-up of the
assassination ever since
[Applause]
you